Hey there, it's Matt and this is a
training for my team where I'm going to
be setting up a real estate funnel from
scratch. And what I mean by that is I'm
going to be setting up a funnel, the
landing page, the calendar, the
application form, the thank you page,
and all that kind of stuff for an ad
campaign that targets realtor.
So, I have a lead source that I want to
sell realtors
and I need to attract them now. So, this
is a training that I'm going to do for
my team because I need my team to be as
smart and capable as possible and I'm
recording it here and I'm going to be
posting it. So, it's essentially going
to be how to design the landing page,
then how to do the ads and all that kind
of stuff. So, I'm going to share my
screen and I'll get started.
I already have a domain set up in web
flow for this. It's called
speedyhomesell.com.
Sometimes I run ad campaigns if I have
the buyers to basically get people who
want to sell their home fast and then I
sell that lead to investors or
wholesalers type thing. So this is
basically
the exact opposite of what I'm doing
here. This would be to getting the
leads. But now I need to make one to
basically get to the buyers. So it looks
like I need to do a couple of things
here.
So let's delete the terms and conditions
pages just for
cuz it looks like I don't have enough
pages on my web flow until I put the
domain in and we don't want to ruin the
entire flow of video.
Oh my god, I'm cooked.
So, let's go because I seems like I have
to ruin the entire flow of the video.
This is real live action right here.
So, let's wait until we get it live and
we'll just fix this one here.
So what we want to do here, we can keep
speedy home sale, but we need to
basically we want to look at this on
mobile first obviously, but in previous
ad campaigns, it's kind of split between
Facebook and Instagram, but 93% are
going on mobile with the most of those
being on iPhone actually in this case.
And the most common iPhone size in
America, which is where these ad
campaigns are, or the iPhone 13, which
is 390.
Most common Android phone is 360. But I
always like to design it on 390, just
because what looks good on 390 is going
to look good on 360, but it's not
necessarily true the other way around.
You see when I put 393 here, it's on
this is on five lines. But if I put it
on 360, it just keeps going like that.
Um, it's just one of those things. It's
minor, but all the minor things make a
big difference. So, what I want to do
here is I want to publish it.
And we want to get an app called Mobile
Simulator.
Sure, there's other ones, but that's the
one I use at least. So, we can see it
basically on mobile without having to go
and [__] around on our phone. So,
there's a few things. There's a lot of
things wrong with this right away. Um,
and it's funny because I'm the one who
made this template, but we'll just
ignore that for now. So, first off, like
I'm going to really decrease the size of
that. And I'm going to decrease the size
of that. Oops. There we go.
Then we are targeting realtors. So,
serving
realtors
You could even put residential realtors
here. That would be even more accurate.
I always like to start with my logo and
then a social proof thing. I'll change
this so it's actually accurate. I only
have 15 customers, but um and then we
have the call out. Then we have our
headline, our sub headline, an image, a
VSSL or a DSL, whatever. Then we want to
have an apply now button. And then we
want to have this underline. Usually
I'll take this underline as
addressing a certain objection or
something like that.
So basically how I think of it is your
headline should be the value
proposition, the target results, the
desired result, what you're promising,
you know, all things to, you know,
basically describe the exact same thing.
And then your sub headline should
elaborate on how you achieve that
result. You know, you can't just say
[__] without, you know, ex without any
explanation.
So, basically,
I'm going to put this $45 real estate
leads delivered
to your
CRM. It's what we're going to kind of
make the initial version of our
headline. And again, this is a live
video. So, you know, when I launch this
for real later today, I'm probably going
to go,
you know, put some more care into it.
But in my view,
you really want to have your headline
three lines here or less at the
appropriate size. one, just for a lot of
space above the fold, and two, like you
really need to learn how to make a
promise that's concise and not dragging
on for literally 15 lines. $45 real
estates leads delivered to your CRM.
Like, that is exactly what they're here
for. That's what the ads will say
eventually. That's what I'm selling. I
really like this quote from David Oggov
in one of his books about copywriting
and advertising and it was sometimes the
best copy to sell a horse is horses for
sale and I really think that a lot of
people upwards of 95% who don't have the
you know most impressive copywriting
skills and I think I would be in that
category I wouldn't say I'm anything
special as a copywriter like would
literally get a better result by just
plainly saying what it is in three lines
or less.
The next thing is
we
generate
over 30,000
residential real estate leads per month
through our call center.
I can get you as many as you need. Well,
I don't know if I like that a lot. So,
what would I like better?
I made another one the other day.
Yeah, something like this.
Yep. Even though they're
in this case, they're not exclusive. So
I would have put that qualified
qualified
motivated and generated in real time.
So that's what I would say. You only pay
per lead.
Then I would also cuz you know this is
my business quite frankly. So a lot of
my landing pages look the same and I
just know it works because I've been
doing it for 12 years. But in this
underline, and I usually call it an
underline here, you can call it whatever
you want, but for my video and my
training, we're going to call it an
underline. I usually do the like what is
a great objection to this. So, in
something like uh you know, business
lending, like applying to this doesn't
affect your credit score. Like that
would be a good one. That's an
objection. I'm not sure quite frankly
what I would say here.
residential real estate
like our clients get an average of 73%
connect rate. That's not a real stat
yet. I'm going to have to pull the data
on that one, but it could be something
of that nature.
What I'm also going to do is I'm going
to have a VSSL for this.
So, I'm going to hit the code embed. Oh
my god, I need I'm pouring. Don't have a
plan for this, but you'd have a VSSL
right here.
So, let's publish it and let's see
what's going on. And then I'm also going
to go into my
Facebook business manager.
It's actually my events manager.
I'm just going to get my pixel on there.
So, let's just see.
I am
super maxed out on the old pixels here.
I believe
I can only create 100 data sets.
Terrible.
So, we're going to basically take this
one here and we're going to pretend it's
mine or we're going to just use it cuz
it's not used. And I just have
we're going to go with an excessive
amount of
pixels.
Oh my god. Where do they put these stuff
these days?
So, what I'm doing here is just putting
my pixel on cuz it's just part of the
setup. Normally what I would do is put
it into site settings. Oh my god,
I'm really poor. Can't afford uh cannot
afford to set up my pixel properly. But
you would just do that. Let's just say
you would do that.
So let's refresh here.
So it looks good pretty much, but we
can't see that underline without
scrolling down. And remember like this
stuff really does matter when you stack
up 5 10% improvements and you just do
like 20 of them. You can really double
your landing page. So in terms of pure
design, like we have room at the top
there,
we have room at the bottom. If I really
needed something, I could change this to
like 325 pixels.
Let's change this to zero. No, don't
change that to zero.
I change it to maybe like five.
Um,
probably change this to like three.
Change that to 0.25.
And let's actually change this to 0.25
rim instead.
Now, let's throw it back up. We could
also make this logo smaller. Like it's
an option as well.
Seems like I'm cooked as hell on that
one. At least in the context of doing
this live.
There we go. So, I feel like those
changes there because I I can't on
second thought, I wouldn't really want
to take down much of this image or VSSL
eventually just because then it's going
to be short. But there we go. So, just
pretend this made web flow is not there.
We have everything we need above the
fold. our logo, we have our customer
rating, we have our call out, our
headline on three lines, our sub
headline on three lines, space for our
VSSL, our apply now button, and our
um
everything else. So, this is going to be
my calendar link here. So, I'm going to
put this to book a call. Normally I
would want to have a application form in
here for one to make sure unqualified
leads don't know how to like can't reach
me as well as making sure my pixel data
is all like clean and only qualified
people get to it because if you don't
have that and
you know you're doing Facebook ads or
whatever platform you're doing and it's
targeting unqualified people or
unqualified people are getting through
and counting as conversions that's going
to really mess up your data. Like it's
going your algorithm is going to start
looking for more unqualified people. But
in this case, it's a brand new pixel and
I have literally no conversions on it.
So even if they are the worst, dumbest
real estate agent in the world who can
only afford $1 per month in marketing
budget, in this case, at least they're a
realtor. That's better. So, I'm going to
make it as easy as possible to book a
call and start to get data until, you
know, 10 conversions come through, then
25, then 50, however many it takes.
Whereas, like those initial conversions,
at least Facebook is going to know we're
targeting realtors, if that makes sense.
Like, that's really a very important
part. I feel like a lot of people in any
industry should do that at the start,
you know, like they're making it so hard
for themselves before they even get one
call booked in e-commerce or SAS or
whatever where like
I'd say most people never even get their
full or their first conversion or their
first call booked. So, even if you're
in, let's say, e-commerce,
it might be the worst e-commerce store
in the world booking a call with you,
but at least Facebook knows you're
targeting e-commerce stores now. And
that's a start in my opinion.
So, now we're having here uh we have our
first page desktop. I'll fix it up off
the call, but in many ways, it is quite
irrelevant here just cuz almost no one
is going to even see it. We have our
questions and answers. So, that's good.
Only thing I might do is change the
sizing of everything. In general, you
never want to have anything less than
1.15mm.
That translates to 16 pixels in 99% of
the cases. The reason for that is you
can see if you have a CRO background or
you just do it yourself that the
conversion rate just falls off a cliff
when you start going under 16. Just like
people's eyes can't see it as well. It
doesn't pop out. Just all of the above.
So I always make sure stuff like this
underline stuff like this is different.
But especially when you have anything
that you actually want someone to read
has to be 16 pixels or more which also
translates to 1 15mm.
You don't know the difference between
and pixels. RM is I don't I don't even
know what it stands for but it is kind
of like scaling to the actual
view. So it would actually like change
if you go here. Versus if I had this at
16 pixels, it would be 16 pixels on
literally any view. So that's just like
one way to think about it. Probably not
the best explanation, but it's as much
time as I'm going to spend on that. So
when I look at this page, it's missing a
lot still. So like some stuff that it's
missing.
Number one, it's missing some like
logos,
like client logos. So,
um, let's see.
I have so much crap in this thing here
that like shouldn't be in here. Oops.
Oops. Questions.
So, let's
change up this code because it quite
possibly be the worst code someone's
ever made.
Let's just get rid of some of that.
So, let's see.
I'm going to, for the sake of time,
start copying and pasting something in
from a different project
just cuz like we don't need to watch me
do that and waste time. So, let's see.
Let's go to a different project.
So, I want to have a logo section for
sure.
Something like this where I take the
probably different brokerages
like you know there's Remax, there's
Keller Williams, there's all of that
kind of stuff. I will get those logos
after the call. I've basically worked
with all of those people and that I
think that is the best way to show
social proof. You know, wow, they see
all these basically brokerages and that
works cuz almost all these people are
going to be in a brokerage.
The next one I want to do really badly
here is I'm going to do a
kind of an how it works type section
like this.
Then I want to do a comparison section.
And that's so important here because
when you're in like this is contextual
in my opinion to like your business, but
in the leadelling business for example,
there's like almost infinite ways to
generate leads, right? So like you want
you really need to try to convey why
your way is the best in comparison to
all of the other stuff. So I think
that's a necessary section here. That is
me using my brain. I know.
But everyone's,
you know, you have some good IQ's on
you, I'm sure. So you need to be using
your brain as well.
I'd also want to have a trust pilot
section and a testimonial section
because that's where I get my reviews.
So, any form of proof like that. So,
like I've cheated a little bit here for
the sake of time, but this is really how
I would lay out a page that has the
purpose of getting clients for myself.
So, let's keep going.
Just going to change it to book a call
instead of apply now.
So let's publish it and let's take a
look step by step how it might seem on
mobile. Again, whenever you're making a
page, probably going to be doing this
mobile check
100 times at least. Let's just say
so let's see so our clients how it works
how we compare
all of our customers
thousands of reviews literally change
that to 15 reviews if I'm doing it for
mine
hilarious
Q&A looks that Q&A section needs to be
fixed because it's for something
different but this
the bones of what I would be doing here.
This is really like
So what I would do is schedule
initial phone call.
How we can serve you?
how this would work for your particular
business. Probably put like brokerage or
something else instead of business.
The third one here would be schedule
test order. And I actually have a
different one that's complete. So, we
might as well just use that one
for the sake of time.
So like the five steps, you know, book
an initial consultation call with us.
Head of sales is me. I'll just say that
I'm the head of sales here. Purchase
your first test order. You can purchase
your first test order of 50. That's our
minimum. I'm not going to waste my time
with people who want 10 leads, for
example. You know, I don't do any $450
orders. Like that's just stupid.
And you know, it's kind of like the old
thing when you have a a lowpaying
client, they're so demanding and that
kind of stuff. It's going to be the same
here. Not going to be dealing with any
peasants. So, book an initial
consultation, get your first test order
of leads, review the ROI, choose how
many leads you want per week, and then
scale it up.
As you scale up and expand your team,
so that's what I would do there. I think
just literally having a five-step how it
works section
is
undeniably like this scene is pro like
it there's no design at all and like all
that kind of stuff but it's so valuable
and again where most people would do a
lot better in life if they would just
tell the client what it is instead of
having all of these designs and all of
this fancy copywriting. literally just
tell them what it is and like they can
decide for themselves.
It's just uh you know really really
important. So in this case,
see
how we compare to other lead sources is
the big one because I know like
platforms like Zillow,
like that's what I'm going to compare it
to cuz most realtors and this goes back
to knowing your market just buy leads
off Zillow for example and that's it.
So there are many different sources of
real estate leads.
Most agents and brokerages
get 90% plus of their lead flow from
platforms like Zillow
and Realtor.com. Here is how we compare.
do these.
So the first one is, you know, faster
scalable lead flow.
The next one is tailored to your
specific business.
Uh like what I would do here if you
don't know, and I'm just going to show
you this even though I know. I'm trying
to compare my lead generation company or
realtors to a platform like Zillow,
which is commonly used. I want to make
my leads company look good and Zillow
look bad. Give me a comparison chart.
Like this is a very good way to do that
if you don't know.
My leads are not exclusive though. Also
need these to be shorter.
We need to copy and paste it.
So, and you can I'm just going to put
this on my other screen just so I can
copy and paste it easier, but that's
kind of what you would that's kind of
what you would do.
So verified. Good.
You can do as many or as little as you
want. Some of these I would say that
I've included are a little repetitive,
but I'm just going to do it here
uh for the sake of it. I'm not going to
tailor any of the reviews here just cuz
I have to go find the reviews and I
don't think it's valuable to watch me
dig through my reviews. But I would put
something like my Trust Pilot here as
well where it's going to say like 4.6
stars, 15 reviews. It's not going to
look very sick, but like that is what I
would be doing here. So, this is
essentially
a completed
front-end landing page.
Well, minus tons of information that you
don't need to watch me put in. I'll do
that later. And the VSSL. But other than
that, like look, look at how nice that
looks compared to let's just go
buy real estate leads. Let's just see
some
Hopefully this looks like [__] like
like
horrible like two popups cookies.
I don't even know how to do this.
VSSL doesn't even autoplay menu. No
customer proof, no call out, even though
it's kind of obvious,
you know, all that kind of stuff. And
that's just the first one, but whatever.
We'll just pretend mine is the best
because mine is the best.
So, the next thing here, because we're
not really done, we're not going to have
a form page on this one. I'll just going
to delete that for now. Um,
we're not going to have a DQ page for
now either. So, I'll just delete it.
But, we're going to have a thank you
page here. So like
the thank you page is a a very big good
opportunity to like preframe them and
give them more information before the
call. And in my view, we want to have
quite a few things on this.
So I actually did this on something
else. But on our thank you page, we want
to have a few things. You want to have a
VSSL that's different than the main one.
Um, and essentially what that means in
this context is like here's a good
example of it actually
where it's just literally a one pager of
you just telling them what's going to
happen like an information that you
would be telling them on the call.
Anyway, the reason why people don't show
up to calls is primarily due to they
don't even have enough information to
even give a [__] to show up to the call.
Uh, so like that's what this page should
be about. So really, let's see if I can
play this video, but it's just like a
six-minute video like showing literally
in plain English what is going to happen
and what they're buying. Very, very
important. it'll help them show up to
the call or, you know, make them more
likely to show up to the call. And if
they do, it's going to make them more
likely to even know what they're talking
about or what you're selling and all
that kind of stuff. So, it kind of
increases two of the main four places
that it could go wrong. Like this these
ad funnels could go wrong in the ad
itself. Usually means the traffic cost
per click is just too much for it to
make sense. Could go wrong at the number
of calls booked. That's usually your
landing page and funnel. This is
terrible. Next one is the show rate like
and then the next one is a close rate.
So this is going to improve the close or
show rate by sometimes double
in combination with some other things
like your pre-all flow, your pre-all
SMS, like manually following up. So it's
going to increase that and it's probably
it's going to increase your close rate
because they're going to be more sold
and educated before the call. So, this
one is something that can like really
cut your total customer acquisition cost
in half if you did a horrible job and
didn't do any of this before. Like the
difference between not having these
things and having these things is
usually like a double in terms of actual
conversion rate when you increase the or
when you take into account the increase
in show rate and increase in close rate.
And then you throw in follow-ups here
and it's going to be for sure a double
let's just say. So something like this
is important too in some degrees just
because if they're have a Google
calendar like this is what's going to
show up. So, let's keep going here.
Let's let's go into a different project
here and let's show what it might look
like.
And again, like I could take 5 hours and
design it from scratch or I could just
show you what it should look like in 5
seconds.
So, this is kind of what it should look
like. This is going to be a little bit
different. And I'm going to open up a
couple of different projects and combine
them. So, this one looks like this. for
example, let's let's get it live
because in this situation and this is
not the situation we're dealing with in
real estate leads because in this
situation for business lending leads for
my client who's doing business lending
and I helped with this page like you are
selling the leads to someone else. So
who's on this call? Aran, Joe Parker,
JP, Myro, some others, like let's say
I'm selling leads and Joe Parker is my
client.
So
although I'm the front-facing business
here, like I'm not going to be ever
calling or dealing with these leads.
They're passed off to Joe Parker. So I
need to basically the where I where this
is like they haven't scheduled a call.
They're just synced to Joe Parker's CRM.
So, I need to like hype him up a bit.
So, you might, you know, talk about
them. You might put his face here. You
might put his Trust Pilot here. You
might put any awards here. And like
that's why this page looks like that
versus in this situation that we're
dealing with here. And what I showed you
with my agency one or my mastermind one
is in this case, the call is going to be
booked.
So hopefully that's not confusing as
[__] but like we're going to do it like
that in this situation. So we have two
different things here. Let's put this on
the mobile and let's go back to the one
we're actually doing.
So let's go here. And it might not be
good because okay, I can copy and paste
the code here, but let's just do it like
this for now.
because we are scheduling a meeting.
Oops.
So, congrats. Your meeting has been
scheduled. Usually, I'm going to say
something like this.
And I always want to make clear steps
here. So, step one, please watch this
7-inute video. The video would be here.
It's not here in this situation because
there is no video. I will do that after.
But here we have to go serving
residential
realtors. And let's go back to this
stuff right here because remember
we need to have a good above the fold
because that is essentially
um
make sure you accept because essentially
the above the fold is our first
impression
as a you know from our thing and our
first impression is very important. just
like it is in real life, right? You
shake someone's hand, you look in their
eyes, like all that kind of stuff.
So, let's go. Step two.
Let's change this to
step sub headline
just because web flow has really
annoying code.
And now like this is essentially
that is essentially
the what it's going to look like there
in Google.
And then step three, normally what I'm
going to do for these steps is going to
be,
step three, step four,
step five. So, what you want to do here
in many ways
is you want to
think of the top FAQs
or objections or things that come up the
most and you want to make short videos
about them. I actually got this from
someone named Jeremy Haynes. I never
used to do this, but it really helps.
You should check out his channel if you
want. So step three, like
how like
how does how does the math work out to
give me a positive ROI?
How does how do the leads get sent to
me?
How does the math compare to something
like Zillow?
Whatever you think the main FAQs are
going to be is
what you should put here. And these can
be, you know, one to
7 minute videos. Like kind of be however
long or not long it takes is how long it
should be. But like
just do, you know, don't just make them
unnecessarily long is what I'm trying to
say. if they don't need to be.
So there we go.
Step five. Then you have the questions
and answers. Usually I'll put more
questions and answers like that.
This needs to be just bigger to be
honest.
And this is just a design issue on my
end. We don't need to be double padding
like that. Just
don't literally no reason to do that.
So let's take a look at what this looks
like now.
So, the videos aren't going to be
correct. And this looks Wow, that looks
[__] horrible on mobile. But
let's um we could get away with more
spacing there.
So, what did I have here?
twoms.
Let's just fix this up a bit on mobile
cuz it looks [__] brutal or on
desktop on the off chance that someone
might actually
view it
and we'll go back.
So, let's see here.
There we go. Looking decent.
So, you'd have your video here. You'd
have your video here. You'd have your
video here. More questions and answers.
And I definitely
I'm just going to copy and paste this
section
as well as the other one from the thank
you page.
just because we don't need to do that
twice on the call.
Web flow is ruining my life by taking
forever to load when I'm doing a demo,
but we'll just
go with that for now.
just pretend it's okay and that Web Flow
is a serious product.
So, there we have it. Of course, these
reviews aren't changed. And sometimes
like a lot of the time what I like to do
and I don't have it on here but what I
like to do is something like if you have
a different way here for to let's just
say encourage them to consume content
before whether that's a community
whether that's a YouTube channel or
something like this.
watch.
I made over 250 hours of training on how
to scale a real estate brokerage or
something like obviously I don't have
that and I would not include this in the
end result here.
But
if you had something,
no matter what it is, like it would be
very good to include it.
250 plus hours of real estate training.
I have made over a dozen master classes
on my YouTube channel of how to get more
clients as a realtor. Check out one or
two videos. Call some [__] like that.
Doesn't really matter that much.
It's like this is kind of a thank you
page in my opinion that is going to do a
lot better. So, ways to consume more
product. Any other social proof? Drop
down. confirm. In this case, we're not
going to hype it up cuz it's ourselves,
but that's here. Then you'd have all of
this other stuff. Doesn't really are not
really going to be covered in that this
video at all. But like that is really a
two-step thing. So maybe in the next
one, I'll get all these videos finished
up, get these logos, I'll get it
tailored, and then I'm going to make
some ads for this in the next training.
But that's going to be it for today for
the team. I'm going to be posting this
recording on YouTube and I hope you
learned something and I'll see you next
time.